hello everyone so last night was the
amazing spider-man midnight launch and I
was able to go see it with Austin here
and i'm sure you guys saw eyeball Peter
was empty but it actually filled up like
30 minutes before it that was so good
and yeah I I posed this amazing
spider-man action figure like a boss
dumb ok yawn anyway the movie was
amazing it was really good everything
was amazing and you know I mean his
Parker's uncle was Charlie Sheen's
father badass anyway it was amazing that
I mean the chemistry between Gwen and
Peter or Andrew and Emma was absolutely
fantastic this story was great the
effects were great probably the only
flaw that i saw in the effects was the
lizard's mouth movement that was it
there's no other flaw that i saw it with
the movie it was amazing in every way
the humor was great the action was great
the web's webbing web shooters those
were great it was hairball ah families
what did you do to me Oh anyway but Lee
the movie was absolutely great and I in
the beginning where his father was um
you know like where his father was
leaving for whatever reason you know it
was really cool to see him leave like
that you know secretively and then it
was i it doesn't happen very often but i
actually shut its here when Peters uncle
died and he was in school you know all
sad and upset and I actually cried III
shut it tier i'm wearing pink
anyway the movie was great it was
absolutely fantastic much better than
Tobey Maguire movies ever were it was
fantastic and it was it was cool it was
the best I loved it and unfortunately I
saw the Avengers too many times so
probably nastase would be like three or
four times sadly but we're right now
about to head out to get the amazing
spider in this video game and that's all
i hope that would be good i know that
says it's not the same it's not andrew
garfield voice acting as spider-man in
that game but hopefully it'll be good
but anyway the amazing spider-man was
great I loved every bit of it every bit
of it bye
awkward okay Amazing Spiderman was
amazing and it's probably going to be
we're probably going to do a more
thorough thoughts video thorough
thorough we've already written like a
little yeah we're actually in the
process of writing um you know
remembering everything so we've so far
worked down to when Peter meet dr.
Connors so yeah so we were there for now
and we're going to write down the rest
of the movie and yeah and also Stanley's
appearance was the best it was
absolutely hilarious it really wasn't
what's the hairball I harm I'm out hey
anyway I I'll see you guys later and
again I'll probably will probably post a
better thoughts video on my main channel
soon and sorry lack of videos this week
guys just Austin's been here so no
corpse here for 21 yeah okay see you
guys later